One morning a little fish named Plek Plok was swimming with his Mommy in the shallow waters of the sea. “Let’s swim in the deep waters, Mommy! ” said Plek Plok. “You have to practice to become a strong swimmer, ” Mommy said to Plek Plok. “You first need to learn to swim in the the shallow waters. Then you can try swimming in the deep waters. ”Plek Plok was beginning to get bored. He cried out, “Mommy! I want to play in the deep waters. Look, all the other fish are having so much fun. ” But Mommy shook her head no. Plek Plok cried out again, “Mommy! I really want to play in the deep waters. ” But Mommy said, “No, Plek Plok! " “I told you it's too dangerous for you to play in the deep waters right now. You still need to practice in shallow waters. ”Plek Plok swam behind Mommy grumpily. Plek Plok could still see all the other fish playing and exploring the deep waters. He thought to himself, I have practiced swimming enough to explore the deep waters too. When Mommy was busy with another fish, Plek Plok took his chance and swam quickly into the deep waters. Everything was so colorful and exciting! Plek Plok swam farther and farther into the deep waters. He was excited to explore. Then, Plek Plok saw something in the distance. I wonder what that dark mountain is, he thought, and began swimming towards it. Suddenly, the ‘dark mountain’ opened its angry eyes. Plek Plok was terrified! “Help! Help! ” he cried, and began swimming away as fast he could. The ‘dark mountain’ was a big fish who was angry at Plek Plok for disturbing her sleep. Plek Plok swam as fast as he could to escape the big fish. Then Plek Plok saw a small wedge between two rocks. He tried to hide. The big fish tried to reach Plek Plok using her long nose and her strong tail, but she could not get to him. But the big fish did not give up. She swirled the water around the rocks with her powerful tail. The swirling water was too strong for Plek Plok and pushed him out of his hiding place. Plek Plok was so tired. The big fish opened her huge jaws to eat Plek Plok. Terrified, Plek Plok cried loudly, “MOMMY! ”At the last second, Mommy came and snatched Plek Plok away from the jaws of the big fish. “This world is a big, beautiful place, my child, ” Mommy said to Plek Plok. “But you need time to learn and become strong before you go out and explore it. ”
