Today is a beautiful day ! and I am playing in the garden, full of trees , plants, flowers and colorful butterflies. Ri likes spending time in the garden. I love butterflies ! said Ri "they are so colorful. Just like a rainbow" ! "Hey ! I want to catch a butterfly! " , Said Ri with full enthusiasm, "come with me friends, I will teach you, how to catch a butterfly? First of all, Lets set some rules. Rule 1: Not hurting the butterflies. No damage to their wings. Rule 2: Not keeping them in Jars etc. Rule 3: Not playing with them. Rule 4: Gently catch them with the tip of your thumb and index figure and release them back. Lets follow the steps : 1. Wear high boots to protect you from any possible insect bites and thorny bushes. 2. Find a lovely Garden full of flowers and butterflies 3. Find a bushy patch 4. Aim at a butterfly which is flying low. Gently chase them. Tip toe! Tip Toe! The least amount of sounds and movements. Chase flower to flower ! In the garden, be careful of thorns and other pits Shhhhh ! When the butterfly has rested on the flower Catch the butterfly ! Wow ! Well-done! Have you ever felt how soft their wings are? Don't hold them too tight or for too long! .. .. Take a closer look. .. Take a moment to appreciate its beauty! However, a captive butterfly won't be happy. Let's say good-bye. and . .. Release it ! . The butterfly is flying free! Like a small fairy. Now she is happy. Remember ! All creatures belong to this earth. Their freedom must be respected. What if you can't catch a butterfly! Hey ! That's absolutely fine, Ri said. The act of chasing a butterfly itself is a game and helps us develop our concentration and determination, hahaha (chuckled Ri). It is also not a good idea to catch butterflies too often. The sight of all the butterflies in the garden is simply beautiful if you sit in a garden with your friend. To gain a deeper understanding on butterflies, you can also read books about them. Disclaimer: The purpose of this story to develop a beautiful bond between a child and nature, in a fun-filled manner. Also to teach them empathy towards all the creatures. 
