It was a cold day in the Elaikan tundra as I opened the door to whirling snow. I wrapped myself in warm clothes, pulled on my boots, and stepped outside. My feet crunched into the snow as I walked. I should have shoveled the snow out, but I could not bring myself to. That's because I let what was most important to me be taken away. I walked past the frozen pond and bare trees and crossed the rusted gate. As I entered the main road, an early yet busy dawn greeted me. Enticing whiffs of fresh bread and coffee wafted towards me in the morning breeze. I rushed across, not stopping at any stall. I did not challenge the stares, because everyone knew as well as I did that what happened at Prince Jason's party was caused by my pride and resulted in my downfall. I hurried on until I reached the isolated, ice-crusted lake. I wanted to see if I could call my power, but I was 
afraid of failing to do so, which had happened the last three days. Yet, I tried. What did I have to lose? I had lost the one thing I had free possession of; the source of my happiness. I spread my hands and tried calling my magic. I felt nothing; it did not work. My hands fell limp at my sides and I sighed frustratedly. I could not help but remember what had happened at Prince Jason's party - the last one I ever attended. I had showed off my fire-summoning ability, to the host’s dismay. I had not been able to help myself; everyone would come up to me saying 'Aren't you Lydia Ether? Can you show us you power? ' He was the star of the show. Not me. I think that's enough, he'd said. Just once more, I'd said. Look - they all want an encore. Not waiting for his response, I'd spread my hands, and let the fire blaze in my palms. I'd brought my 
hands together and split them again, causing a bright flame to roar in the twilight. Everyone had clapped, and I'd let the fire die out. I turned to Prince Jason to see anger in his eyes. I'd stolen his thunder with my fire. Then he’d turned his hands to me, a strange lightning-like streak tunnelling from his palms and rushing towards mine. It vanished. Let's see how well you can call your power now, he had sneered. I had tried. I could not. No more flames. He had taken my power away because of my arrogance. He was a true lawgiver. The people no longer adored me. Cordelia, my closest friend, no longer spoke to me. It's all his fault, I had wanted to say. But it was my fault, and I had no one to blame. I turned back home. There was nothing else for me. ---Out the window, I could see firecrackers bursting and people dressed in exotic costumes carrying candles. It was the Winterfest, a celebration full of fanfare. I had to go out. I put on an elegant silk gown of deepest turquoise. I tried to hold my head high with confidence as I step out, but my smile flickered. Heads turned to look at me, but not for the reason they used to. I joined a small crowd who were watching a man juggle lit lamps. I wondered what he'd do if the lamps burned him, but he must've had extra practice. I was just about to leave the exhibit when I spotted a familiar caramel-haired head. Cordelia. She'd avoided me when I most desperately needed her, but somehow, I still wanted to talk to her. I pushed through the crowd, murmuring apologies, and tapped her on the shoulder. She turned sharply, and seemed to deflate when she saw me. "Oh. Lydia. " I had expected a joyous greeting. I was disappointed. "Hi, Cordelia, " I said. "How are you? " "I've been better. " "Have you tried calling your power again? " she asked. "Yes, every day. It doesn't come, " I sighed. She remained silent for a while, and I began to think that maybe she wanted me to walk away. "Come with me, " she said, grabbing hold of my hand. She pulled me along, weaving through the crowd until we reached a clearing with several tables laden with delicious food. I looked around at the people, feeling that there was something familiar about them. Then I spotted a tall figure with cold grey eyes. I wanted to scream at Cordelia and run away from the man who punished me. But she dragged me closer. "Good evening, Prince Jason, " she greeted cordially. "Miss Cordelia, " Prince Jason nodded. His eyes met mine, and I wanted to look away, but I restrained myself. The chatter had hushed, and everyone was silently looking my way. "Lydia, call your power, now, " Cordelia hissed in my ear. What? "Just do it. ”   
 ﻿ I knew that I would make a fool of myself, but would running away be any better? I spread my palms, and felt a familiar tingle at my fingertips. I felt the people’s collective stares, but most of all, the look of Prince Jason. I took a deep breath. I remembered something my instructor had told me so long ago. Feel it coming to you. It is yours. It will listen. And usually, when there is outside pressure, it is easier for you to call it. Something surged through my hands, and I gasped as I felt my strength come back. There it was. The blazing fire danced across my palms, and I ideated a trick. I clapped, and a thundering sound filled the air as flames burst around me in a ring of fire. I turned to look at Prince Jason. "It didn't work, Jason, " I said. He narrowed his eyes. "You took away my confidence, not my power. I thought the other way. And now that I have my confidence back, I can call my power. " "Aren't you the smart one, " he said maliciously. "Next time, remember that you can show off at your own parties. Not someone else's. " "I learnt my lesson and you learnt yours, " I said coolly. He stared a moment, then walked away. I let the flames flicker out, and everyone applauded. I'd felt it many times, but the sense of jubilation was always wonderful. I turned to Cordelia. "Thanks. " She gave me a small smile. "I knew you could do it. " "Then why avoid talking to me? " "You needed to learn to do it on your own. " I nodded gratefully. "You're the best friend I could have. "
 
She laughed, and we walked along the market road. People stood and watched as I produced blossoms of orange flame, and I felt that I had regained some of the grandeur that I had lost. The recipe for being myself consisted of ﻿a pinch of humility, a healthy dose of confidence and a loyal friend. I think that if anyone has these things, they can cook up their own brilliance.